

考托福，本人英语完全菜鸡，精听了6个月的托福听力，每一句话都是听着然后写了下来，然后泛听了科学美国人。后面无字幕完全ok，听课也没问题。真的一定要精听，而且我觉得听力词汇的掌握比阅读词汇掌握更重要。我听力词汇一定背诵和做笔记。泛听的话，也有技巧，心里面做框架比计。

I would like to travel around the world one day




get kind of crazy, right?

as you mentioned, the girls that are

And using the coupon. So I booked the film. We have saved twenty RMB

Look how cheap they are

Your voice was heavy with sarcasm 

I'm very sorry  that I didn't pick up your face time last night. video chat
I'm afraid my spoken English is not good, so I don't know how to express myself at the moment

Anyway, thank you for chatting with me. It can be improve my English

I really want to improve my oral English ,so sometimes I will send some voice message ,  I hope I'm not bothering you very much.

You are so thoughtful

I came  home a little while ago. 

I am  going to bed. 

You bet 你说得对 

To dial means to select the numbers for a phone call.

C: Wow, I never knew this about you.

Late is pronounced a little different

Have a  good one . byeybe 
I am off. 

pretty clear

et cetera.

Talking can increase your vocabulary [ɪnˈkriːs]

similar

    美: [ˈsɪmɪlər] adj.类似的；相
    
  They're too similar
 
 in their cars these days
  
  in my typical Saturday I wake up late and drink a coffee and take a nap.
  jelly
    美: [ˈdʒeli] 
    n.果冻；肉冻；（不含水果块的）果酱；胶状物
    v.使成为胶质；使冻；在…上加胶冻物；成胶状
    网络果子冻；凝胶；啫喱

pleasant to hear

But I just want to find some poor men’s food. a quick men’s food. 
 
 just now
 
 but he didn’t become an artist, he studied architecture instead.
 
 But now it’s like a requirement - you have to at leas
 
 

「韦子虚：They Decorate the house all day 」
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


Divide the entire article into two parts

consult a dictionary


I will use these words you learn today ️


Your neighbours are oblivious to the trouble they have caused you. It's preposterous!!!


How can they be so oblivious?
 
let off steam  noun [ U ]uk/stiːm/ us/stiːm/  吐cao
 
 
 sarcasm    美: [ˈsɑrˌkæzəm] n.讽刺；嘲讽；挖苦
 
 she’s got me in the clouds or some[thing] like that. 她把我弄得晕头转向。
 
 I have a friend that he work in HSBC and have ten days annual vacation, so I would to find  some company like that and then I have ten days annual vacation ,  Then I will be have free time  as your tour guide when you travel to China     
    

And I can… I can definitely empathize.
M: You can relate.
我可以…我绝对能感同身受。

M： 你可以感同身受。

hy don't we listen to the dialogue again and we'll back in a little bit.

 On that note, I'm going to bed.

照这么说，我要睡觉去了

 you’re going to really take things seriously from this point  ，嗯，从现在开始，你会认真对待事情。
 
 
 Right. Or sometimes English learners will say: fine, thank you. Because they think that
"what's up" means how are you.
C No, that's different. So you cannot say fine thank you, fine,



So it’s very characteristic to have guitars [ˌkærɪktəˈrɪstɪk] 

You can even do it from your phone like when you’re in the bathroom or on the train.  你甚至可以在手机上做这件事，就像在浴室或火车上一样。 
take everything down in note form for you. 把所有的东西都记下来

I think you are mocking me

Trinidad and Tobago美 [ˌtrɪnɪdæd ən tɒˈbeɪɡəʊ] n.【国】特立尼达和多巴哥；南加勒比海岛国

是，想象一下这种场景，一些战士或警卫拿着枪站在你面前，强迫你做同样的事情。

But imagine a situation during wartime in which there were some soldiers or guards with guns standing above you, forcing you to do that same job.

I heard it was originally held in Vietnam, but later Vietnam decided not to do it because they thought it was a waste of money

toss and turn   辗转反侧；翻来覆去；辗转难眠

I really want to improve my oral English ,so sometimes I will send some voice message ,  I hope I'm not bothering you very much.

You can  send some chinese  voice message to me  when you have a ava

 Repeating sentences, afraid you may feel bored 

Speaking of  being a mother 说到做mother

hat’s the point 重点 

Yeah just wait.
It works.

In my opinion

muscle memory 

how should we say

Dec thirteenth  2022 
学会话不要学死一个词 要学会扩大他 多造句 
用例子例名 文章来学习英文

学会话盖住英文看中文说出英文 

Great. Ermm 

Thank you. Give me a break.

Evan  is an exception

我到家了     网络I'm home; I arrived home.


根据自己的项目  不停的说说说 

 Nope 不 ; 不行 ; 没有 ; 〈美俚〉不 

Um

at first  glance  乍一看
set phrase  固定短语 

过分 
out of line

cross the line

nice shot

    网络好球；射的漂亮啊；
    
    
Pleasant  dreams. 
    

Well, I certainly didn’t see that one coming 我真的没想到的     

E: Digit is basically a number between zero and nine.

M: Hehe. Not on purpose, right?
o you believe in love at first sight
Yeah, in English sometimes we are careful to not be too direct, when we’re asking for
some… something, right?

Good point 有道理 ; 佳点 ; 说得好 

ASAP(as soon as possible) 尽快 

talking back 顶嘴

C: Anyone can pull a muscle because of overuse, muscle fatigue or through a fall.
B: If you do not warm up before physical activity you can easily pull a muscle.
Alright, Catherine, so we know that you are a very healthy person, you often go to the
gym.

如何一个人练口语 

以下是一些可以帮助您自己练习口语的建议：

听力练习：听英语的广播、新闻、电视节目、电影或其他听力材料。尽量多听，可以提高你的口语能力。

朗读练习：找一些英语文章或故事，朗读并尝试模仿正常的语调、语音、语速和语感。

录音练习：使用手机或其他录音设备录制你自己说英语的声音，然后听回自己的录音，发现自己的口语问题并改正。

背诵练习：选择一些短语或句子，背诵并模仿说出来。这将有助于您练习正确的发音、语调和语感。

自己模拟对话：设想自己在不同场景下与其他人交流，比如在餐厅点餐或和朋友谈论电影。自己模拟对话可以帮助您练习流利、自然的口语表达。

找一个语伴：可以通过一些语言交换或者线上的英语学习平台找到合适的语伴，与其进行英语口语练习。这样你可以更好地练习听力、口语和对话技巧。

参加英语角：英语角是一个可以与其他人练习口语的地方，您可以通过参加英语角与其他英语学习者进行交流，提高口语水平。

无论采用哪种方法，都要持之以恒，定期练习，坚持不懈地努力，就能提高自己的英语口语水平。

口才 a great dad and just a  real articulate fella.


I was at the end of the path
我走到了路的尽头

C: I’ve never had the guts to say “no” to my boss.


Well slowly but surely I proved myself

The man next door has been so loud; I can’t take it any more.

B: My boss always yells at me; I can’t take it any more.

C: I can’t take it any more; I’m going to quit.


但是我们职位不同
But our position is different

I say :We are different position[捂脸]

must improve my oral english 

My interview is for an engineer, and only requires oral English. Maybe your professional English interview requires high


多和少学口语 

I get home

hop in 上车 

Another subject另一个主题 
Another topic 话题  

except  without    the big check 

How to Exit Vim (Season 3 Episode 5)

OH that's actually really nice 

Hmm. I see. 

 Next Topic  下个话题 

你刚才去干啥
What did you do just now  #和我说的差不多did 
What are you going to do just now

Go off work.
get off work

Don't stand in my way

take the pan out

plural[ˈplʊrəl]adj.复数的;多元的;复数形式的;多样的n.(名词或动词的)复数，复数形式

change the subject 岔开话题 ; 转变话题 

I didn't mean to 我不是故意的

then suit yourself
那就随你便吧

Deflation: Why falling prices in China raise concerns
由
翻译自 英语
通货紧缩：为何中国物价下跌引发担忧

A major investigative report points to a network of businesses and charities in the United States tied to terror-designated and sanctioned entities in Iran, all funded by the sale of pistachios.
由
翻译自 英语
一份重要调查报告指出，美国的一个企业和慈善机构网络与伊朗指定的恐怖组织和受制裁的实体有联系，所有资金均来自开心果的销售。

Israeli woman shot dead in attack on car in southern West Bank
由
翻译自 英语
以色列妇女在约旦河西岸南部的汽车袭击中被枪杀



乌鸦嘴   

My husband was supposed to pick me up from work yesterday, but he forgot
E： 我丈夫本该昨天去接我下班，但他忘了。

crow[kroʊ]     n.乌鸦；喔喔叫声    v.（尤指在清晨）啼叫；自鸣得意；欢叫    网络鸡叫；公鸡；报晓
beak[bik]     n.鸟喙；鹰钩鼻；尖鼻；鼻子    网络鸟嘴；喙状嘴；嘴喙

“乌鸦嘴”，字面翻译是“crow’s beak”，比喻嘴巴不吉利、说话不中听（mouth from which inauspicious remarks are uttered）。中国人认为乌鸦的叫声会带给人厄运（crow's cawing could bring people bad luck），因此常用“乌鸦嘴”来形容一个人讲话晦气，好事说不灵，坏事一说就灵。

你这张乌鸦嘴！What improper remarks you’ve made!

别乌鸦嘴！Don't say such shitty things!

Sometimes Chinese cannot be completely translated into English

TGIF thank God it's Friday 感谢上帝今天已是星期五 

How  does that sound?   Does that seem good to  you?

Wecome to my humble abode, " Cal said.
“欢迎光临寒舍，”卡尔说。

little prince 
https://appymk8ms6i9430.h5.xiaoeknow.com/p/course/column/p_5c087e7d4e8a5_4J9zCyNM?type=3


vever judge a book by its cover
永远不要凭封面来判断一本书


obligation   美: [ˌɑblɪˈɡeɪʃ(ə)n] n.义务；责任
B: It is your obligation as a good citizen to register to vote. B： 作为一个好公民，登记投票是你的义务。


ugh[ʌɡ] int.（表示厌恶或不快）咳
    网络啊；呃；咄
    
还要  老人与海 了不起的盖 


Wow, the food is inviting. 好吃 

I will travel around the world someday
Last night I stayed up until one

Are you high ? 你嗑药了?
Do you have any other options
你还有别的办法吗

 The health risks facing the crew of the Titanic sub
由
翻译自 英语
泰坦尼克号潜艇船员面临的健康风险

好久不见 
 it's been a long time 
 long time no see. 
 
 
 
 My dream is to travel around the world
  My dream is to travel around the globe and taste all the delicious food. 
   One of my dreams is to travel around the world. 
 
 
With the exception of Evan. everyone's going to the party.                                     
   

what scares you the most

你最怕什么


you can feel a sense of pride. 你会感到自豪。
 
 he had some moves 有点本领
 
 He speak English very well(adv).                                                                                 
不用 very good  ,adj 不能修改动词                                                                                
He speak very good English. 

Right, “I met some problems” is wrong, wrong, wrong.
M: Okay, don’t say “met some problems”.
I ran into some problems


我是说，这很有道理，对吧？
I mean, that makes sense, right?
2很有道理，对吧？
And that makes sense, right?

3这听起来似乎很有道理.好吧，我得和老板谈谈在保留意见前。
G: That sounds very reasonable. Well, I'll have to talk to my boss before making reservations. 

 I think; therefore I am
 To be or not to be，that is the question 


don't be so negative

attach [əˈtætʃ]v.贴上;重视;把…固定，把…附(在…上);认为有重要性(或意义、价值、分量等);(有时不受欢迎或未受邀请而)参加，和…在一起，缠着;（使）与…有联系
I really got attached to you  爱上你 

role [roʊl]n.(演员的)角色;作用;地位;职能;影响程度

Please give my best regards to your parents

What options have we?


detriment [ˈdetrɪmənt]n.伤害;损害;造成伤害(或

take place  [teɪk pleɪs]发生，产生;进行，举行                                                               

work out  [wɜːrk aʊt] 运动 锻炼;想出，得到（解决方法）;解（谜）;                                            

Don't be afraid of making mistakes while speaking English

you bet        na.〈口〉肯定    网络当然；一定，当然；你说的没错  好了 

What did you just do .

The
best way to learn those little prepositions is just to read and to listen more and
more, and eventually, you will know them without even having to study them.

 if you do not work hard when young ( you are young) Your suffer when old( when you are old)

坐车 ride 

Want to be Fluent in English?

Right now, we are on the air,We are airing radio english on Sunday == We are broadcasting                        

It's called Uber in American dramas

You attach an  assumption to  a piece of evidence,  you  start to bend the narrative to support it,prejedice yourself. 
你把一个假设附加到一个证据上，你开始扭曲叙事来支持它，预先假设自己。


born with a silver spoon（in one's mouth）生来高贵富有的，含着金钥匙出生

My cousin Thomas was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.

我表哥汤姆斯是含着金钥匙出生的。

He was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.
My cousin Thomas was born with a silver spoon in his mouth.


Don't forget to get up early tomorrow morning to play play badminton

Here comes  Mr Wang,who is my English teacher
变同位语 
Here comes  Mr Wang, my English teacher

Run 5KM every evening

Lesson 10 中级 
Watch your  language == Be careful  what you say 

I will  fix you  

I could don't agree with you more  

I couldn't  care less  完全不在乎  

Today, many city couples Both have  to work or  they can't  make ends meet.

We are in need of more parks in our city


Honey, I badly in need of your love  我需要你的爱 

stingy  小气   

I can survive 过得去 

Everyone likes to be friends with him
大家都喜欢和他作朋友 


 那男生经常跷课和逃学。

The schoolboy is often cutting classes and playing hooky. 

He  knows how to  handle the problem

He did well in the speech contest 

Whose book in this 
His English  is very  good.
Would you do me a favor?

She is in a bad mood.  心情不好 
Do you enjoy the food ?

so today is my mission 任务

so  today  is that day   择日 不如 日

Only  learn bad words 

trivial[ˈtrɪviəl]    adj.不重要的；琐碎的；微不足道的

The 'busy boy' argued over trivial matters all day long with everyone!


I don't like the taste of Shaxian's food

I like all the dumplings except 沙县


Excuse  me,you're in my way


except  the cat.  除了猫 

重复中给自己找点乐子 

 对话要重复50次 再 DIY成为自己的 
 
 
 King of the optimization
 
 e.g. 

Well  that is high praise.
 

table of contents
    n.内容目录
    网络目次；内容列表；论文目次


But in case if your server has a very large amount of ram such as 256GB, then you can further enhance it to 90% as well. Because if your server is only being used for MySQL, the rest of the ram will go in waste, so you can increase or decrease this value depending upon the available ram or your needs.

rice with braised spare ribs
米饭和炖奶肋骨



你开心就好 
As long as you're happy.

born with a silver spoon in mouth 的字面意思是“嘴里含着银汤匙出生”，这个意思非常符合我们的日常表达，可以意为“出生于富贵人家，财大气粗”，用来表示出生好，寓意：
“含着金钥匙出生

随便 

lead to    na.通向

If you notice a bit of them, you can find that happiness is always around you. ok, That is all, thank you!如果你能留意到其中的一点，你就能体会到幸福一直都围绕在你身边。好了，就这些，谢谢！



Standing in the morning light, although the cold weather makes people feel uncomfortable, the air is fresh.





Remeber to merger code  for cfyf-service-project 

tased good 


lack of sleep     网络睡眠不足；缺少睡眠；缺乏睡眠


No wonder lunch was so  good

Don't sweat it.  别担心 


I'm stuffed.

stuff这个词在非正式场合，有“to eat a lot of food or too much food; to give sb a lot or too much to eat”的含义，即“（使）吃撑，吃足，吃得过饱”。所以你想表示“我吃饱了”，也可以说“I'm stuffed.”

whatever 比较不礼貌

It's up to you.

随便你（你来决定）

It depends on you.

You re the boss.

https://www.sohu.com/a/349888309_826111

3. Here you go. 干的好

There you go.  That’s it. 就这样了。

Kind of. 是有那么一点，(还好啦)

 You bet. 没错。
 
 [http://edu.sina.com.cn/en/2010-05-08/132355708.shtml 老外常说的九大英语口头语你会几个]

I mean, what about you and mindy?



Evan is  looking for a new  job.

Same here.

Cut class 


Here in congress, to counter the Chinese communist party, and in so doing at every step along the way, we must make sure that we are drawing a distinction between the party and the Chinese people with whom we have no quarrel and who are often the primary victims of CCP CCP aggression and repression. In some, there is no more critical challenge facing our nation. Today, I am grateful to speaker McCarthy for his leadership in establishing this select committee, for giving me the mission of ensuring this stays bipartisan. You've heard his sincerity and wanting this to be an area where republicans and democrats can work to get in front
在国会这里，为了对抗中国共产党，在这一过程中的每一步，我们都必须确保区分党和中国人民，他们与我们没有争吵，他们往往是中共侵略和镇压的主要受害者。在某些情况下，我们国家面临的挑战没有比这更严峻的了。今天，我感谢麦卡锡议长在成立这个特别委员会方面发挥的领导作用，感谢他赋予我的使命，确保这个委员会保持两党一致。你已经听到了他的诚意，并希望这是一个共和党人和民主党人可以努力取得领先的领域






Tasks:

    • Use Terraform or Ansible or CloudFormation to automate the following tasks against any cloud provider platform, e.g. AWS, GCP, Aliyun. 
    • Provision a new VPC and any networking related configurations.   
    • In this environment provision a virtual machine instance, with an OS of your choice.
    • Apply any security hardening (OS, firewall, etc..) you see fit for the VM instance.
    • Install Docker CE on that VM instance.
    • Deploy/Start an Nginx container on that VM instance.
    • Demonstrate how you would test the healthiness of the Nginx container.
    • Expose the Nginx container to the public web on port 80.
    • Fetch the output of the Nginx container’s default welcome page.
    • Excluding any HTML/JS/CSS tags and symbols, output the words and their frequency count for the words that occurred the most times on the default welcome page.
    • Demonstrate how you would log the resource usage of the containers every 10 seconds.

任务：

     • 使用 Terraform 或 Ansible 或 CloudFormation 针对任何云提供商平台自动执行以下任务，例如 AWS、GCP、阿里云。
     • 配置新的VPC 和任何与网络相关的配置。
     • 在此环境中，使用您选择的操作系统配置一个虚拟机实例。
     • 应用您认为适合VM 实例的任何安全强化（操作系统、防火墙等）。
     • 在该VM 实例上安装Docker CE。
     • 在该VM 实例上部署/启动Nginx 容器。
     • 演示您将如何测试 Nginx 容器的健康状况。
     • 将 Nginx 容器公开到端口 80 上的公共 Web。
     • 获取 Nginx 容器的默认欢迎页面的输出。
     • 排除任何HTML/JS/CSS 标记和符号，输出默认欢迎页面上出现次数最多的词的词及其频率计数。
     • 演示如何每 10 秒记录一次容器的资
     


oh , yuck  讨厌                    

dialogue;

│ [server.RetCodeError] 520 Lack of balance

wheatgrass



bounce rate 英 [ˈbaʊns reɪt]美 [ˈbaʊns reɪt]   跳出率  约束税率

analytics    美: [ˌænə'lɪtɪks] 英: [ˌænə'lɪtɪks]
    n.分析学
    网络解析学；分析功能；分析工具

Here you  are /go

There you go .

There you go again.

get lost  == go away  


hang out    na.同“hang”；把上身伸出(窗外)；挂出门外[窗外]；拖延
    网络闲逛；闲荡；出去消遣

是不是应该抄一下课文 

 be beneficial to  [bi ˌbɛnəˈfɪʃəl tu]  v.有益于；利于。                                                             


writing 写作

He don't study ,

go to work 上班 
after work 


Take notes na.做记录 网络记笔记；

take note    网络注意到；记下；引起注意
take heed of na.提防 注意


make sense  有道理  

What can I do to make my English better?
improve 

out of tune 走音 


 you are here 你在这里 

Don't be a slave to  money 


improve    美: [ɪmˈpruv] 英: [ɪmˈpruːv]
    v.改善；改进
    网络提高；改良；增进

advancd 
lesson 11 
usefull slang 

many wold  .lots of  vocalulary 

感叹句
How 引导  how是副词 可以 修饰adj ad, v 

What 引导  what 是adj 后面接n 或者有adj的n


语法主要在中级  讲10几次 文章什么的  

Welcome to Infinity New Tab page. This is a sample to-do item.




did very well on the test

He did a good job in the speech contest.


The governor wants to see you.
sure thing 


Covid-19 noun [ U ](also COVID-19)
uk/ˌkəʊ.vɪd.naɪnˈtiːn/ us/ˌkoʊ.vɪd.naɪnˈtiːn/

good one    绝妙的笑话

I've had enough 我受够了

is assassinated
被暗杀


let's go ! Let's hit the road, let's get the show on it .   

菜名 

Stir-fried Yellow Beef ,small fried yellow beef; 小炒黄牛肉

proud    美: [praʊd]     adj.骄傲的；自豪的；得意的；满足的
    adv.〈口〉同“proudly. do one proud”
    网络傲慢；骄傲自大的
    
pride    美: [praɪd] 英: [praɪd]
n.骄傲；自豪；自尊；傲慢


my life my call
我的生活我的电话



prejudice    美: [ˈpredʒədɪs]     n.偏见；成见
    v.损害；使怀有（或产生）偏见；有损于
    网络歧视；侵害；伤害    
    
 赔钱
[词典] sustain losses in business; compensate; be out of pocket;
[例句]这可以让你挣一大笔钱，而且没有任何赔钱的风险。
This is something where you can earn such a lot of money that there is not any risk that you will lose it    
    


有人@你”英语该怎么表达？

2）you were mentioned

 “拉我入群”我们用“add me to the group chat”。
    

i mean it    网络我是认真的；我是说真的；我说真的


==让我想想==
“let me see”不仅仅是 “让我看看”，也可以是“让我想想”。因为，“see”本身就有“思考、考虑”的意思！当你讲话被人打断，突然断片了，可以这么说：

But let me see, where am I?

A pretty, young lady 


有空要学会看 wiki英文介绍 例如国家什么的 爽 


Almost every day, some colleagues say that they have diarrhea after eating



It's so sleepy in the morning

 
 For technical reasons, your PDF will be sent to Adobe Inc. in the US. Read more in our Privacy Policy.
 
 
 
 
 要先认真看一下  不然好多单词其它知的  
Avril Lavigne confronts topless protestor onstage at Juno Awards
艾薇儿 · 拉维尼在朱诺奖颁奖典礼上与裸露上身的抗议者对峙
confront    美: [kənˈfrʌnt]     v.面对；在…的正对面；勇敢正视；对付(危险等)    网络使面临

topless  美: [ˈtɑpləs] adj.上身裸露的；
protestor   美: [prə'testə] n.抗议者
onstage[ˌɑnˈsteɪdʒ]adj.舞台上的；表演的


US President Biden to sign executive order on firearm background checks
美国总统拜登将签署关于枪支背景调查的行政命令

executive

    美: [ɪɡˈzekjətɪv] 

英: [ɪɡˈzekjʊtɪv]
n.管理人员；领导层；（政府的）行政部门
adj.经营管理的


crime

    美: [kraɪm] 

英: [kraɪm]
n.犯罪；罪恶；〈口〉蠢事；〈俚〉坏事
v.指控犯


Arrest warrant issued for Russian President Vladimir Putin by International Criminal Court for alleged war crimes including deporting Ukrainian children
由
翻译自 英语
国际刑事法院对俄罗斯总统弗拉基米尔·普京发出逮捕令，指控他犯有包括驱逐乌克兰儿童在内的战争罪

arrest    美: [əˈrest] n.逮捕
warrant    美: [ˈwɔrənt] n.依据；许可证；执行令；授权令v.使有必要

issue    美: [ˈɪʃu] v.发出；发布；发给；出版n.发行
alleged    美: [əˈledʒd] adj.声称的；有嫌疑的；作为理由[辩解等]的
v.“allege”的过去式和过去分词
crime    美: [kraɪm] n.犯罪
deport    美: [dɪˈpɔrt] v.行动；运输；
court

    美: [kɔrt] n.法院
    
Generally speaking    
    
This region has quota of 0 instances for your subscription


[ˈriːdʒən] [səbˈskrɪpʃn 订阅 
 
bipartisanship    美: [baɪ'partɪzənʃɪp] na.两党合作

firearm    美: [ˈfaɪrˌɑrm] n.（便携式的）枪

Today, I picked up an Apple headset (airpods) at Gym, so before I left, I left a note with my phone number written on it. However, the guy didn't call me and went to the police station. He said I might have stolen it. The police said, "收皮啦, and if you steal, you'll still leave a note?" What a joke.Not good man on earth!

my time is up

    网络我的时间到了

But that guy don't call me, he called to the police police

my spoken English is inherently bad. Think of is  a foreigner , and now is a   girl  , foreigner girl ,so makes me feel  very very nervous

tornado    美: [tɔrˈneɪdoʊ] n.龙卷风；旋风
debris    美: [dəˈbri] n.碎片

twist    美: [twɪst] v.扭；捻；

We shouldn’t be up here  我们不应该在这里 

A rare tornado touched down in a Los Angeles suburb on Wednesday, ripping roofs off a line of commercial buildings and sending the debris twisting into the sky and across a city block.
由
翻译自 英语
周三，一场罕见的龙卷风袭击了洛杉矶郊区，将一排商业建筑的屋顶掀翻，碎片卷入天空，穿过一个街区。

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu fires his defense minister after Yoav Gallant's call for a pause on the judicial overhaul.
以色列总理本雅明·内塔尼亚胡在尤夫·加兰特呼吁暂停司法改革后解雇了国防部长。

Prince Harry is in court this week as one of several high-profile names suing Associated Papers, which owns The Daily Mail, over allegations of phone tapping and other invasions of privacy.
由
翻译自 英语
哈里王子本周出庭，作为起诉《每日邮报》母公司 Associated Papers 的几位知名人士之一，指控其窃听电话和其他侵犯隐私的行为。

U.S. journalist with The Wall Street Journal detained in Russia on espionage charges, Russian state media reports.和
据俄罗斯官方媒体报道，《华尔街日报》的美国记者因间谍罪在俄罗斯被拘留。和

Today, I found an Apple earphone in Gym, so before I left, I left a note with my phone number written on it. However, the guy didn't call me and went to the police station. He said I might have stolen it, and the police said, 'Take it off, even if you steal, you'll leave a note.'


chaotic    US: [keɪˈɑtɪk] adj.混乱的；杂乱的；紊乱的

Biden administration blames chaotic Afghan pull-out on Trump
拜登政府将阿富汗混乱的撤军归咎于特朗普

dairy[ˈderi] n.乳制品；

18,000 cows killed in Texas dairy farm explosion
由
翻译自 英语
18,000 头奶牛在德克萨斯奶牛场爆炸中丧生

At least two people were killed and four others were wounded when shots were fired into a crowd gathered at a park in Louisville, Kentucky
https://cnn.it/41a2G1B
由
翻译自 英语
肯塔基州路易斯维尔一处公园向聚集的人群开枪，造成至少 2 人死亡，4 人受伤

Putin critic Vladimir Kara-Murza sentenced to 25 years in jail for treason and other charges by Russian court
由
翻译自 英语
俄罗斯法院以叛国罪和其他罪名判处普京批评者弗拉基米尔·卡拉-穆尔扎 25 年监禁


我的口语
I feel thirsty, so boiling a bottle of water and then make a cup of coffee for me
我感到口渴，所以烧了一瓶水，然后为我煮了一杯咖啡。
baidu
I felt thirsty, so I boiled some water and made myself a cup of tea

In Finland, Unit 3 of the Olkiluoto Nuclear Power Plant (pictured), Europe's largest nuclear reactor, begins regular operation after eighteen years of delayed construction.
在芬兰，欧洲最大的核反应堆Olkiluoto核电站（如图所示）第三单元在推迟建造18年后开始正常运行。

Dominion Voting Systems agrees to a $787 million settlement in their lawsuit against Fox News over defamation claims from the 2020 United States presidential election.
Dominion Voting Systems同意就2020年美国总统选举诽谤指控对福克斯新闻提起诉讼，达成7.87亿美元的和解。
[ˈlɔːsuːt]

n. 诉讼;   起诉; 

B: Excellent job Susan! Your sales are off the charts this year.

West Bank: Brother of Palestinian killed in Hawara seeks answers
由
翻译自 英语
约旦河西岸：在哈瓦拉遇害的巴勒斯坦兄弟寻求答案

US father arrested for piercing son's ear
由
翻译自 英语
美国父亲因给儿子穿耳洞被捕

Dad arrested for 'unlawful' piercing of son's ear in US
由
翻译自 英语
爸爸因在美国“非法”刺穿儿子的耳朵而被捕


rescue

    US: [ˈreskju] 

UK: [ˈreskjuː]
v.救；【法


squirrel    US: [ˈskwɪrəl] n.松鼠
spawn    US: [spɔn] v.产卵；导致；引发；引起n.（鱼、蛙等的）卵
Red squirrel photographed eating frog spawn up tree
由
翻译自 英语
红松鼠被拍到吃青蛙在树上产卵

panic    US: [ˈpænɪk] adj.恐慌的；(恐慌
Most populous nation: Should India rejoice or panic?
由
翻译自 英语
人口最多的国家：印度应该高兴还是恐慌？

Leader of Russia's Wagner Group threatens to withdraw his troops from Ukrainian city of Bakhmut by Wednesday in row over ammunition supplies
由
翻译自 英语
俄罗斯瓦格纳集团领导人威胁要在周三之前从乌克兰城市巴赫穆特撤军，因为弹药供应问题


Gaza militants fire rockets after new Israeli air strikes
 [ˈmɪlɪtənt]   [ɪzˈreɪli]  [straɪk] 
翻译自 英语
加沙武装分子在以色列新空袭后发射火箭弹

New York City passes law barring weight discrimination
由
翻译自 英语
纽约市通过法律禁止体重歧视 [dɪˌskrɪmɪˈneɪʃ(ə)n] 

Pakistan's Supreme Court rules former Prime Minister Imran Khan's dramatic arrest this week was illegal
巴基斯坦最高法院裁定，前总理伊姆兰·汗本周的戏剧性逮捕是非法的

Yes, absolutely! And Ukraine even lost in Bakhmut an aircraft carrier, two nuclear submarines, two spacecraft and twice as many tanks as they ever owned. Putin’s magic?
由
翻译自 英语
是的，一点没错！乌克兰甚至在巴赫穆特损失了一艘航空母舰、两艘核潜艇、两艘航天器和两倍于他们曾经拥有的坦克。普京的魔法？

Texas mall shooting witness is not credible, police say
由
翻译自 英语
德州购物中心枪击目击证人不可信，警方称
mall    US: [mæl]     n.购物广场；购物商场    Web购物中心；大型购物中心；商城

Amidst a political crisis in Ecuador, President Guillermo Lasso (pictured) dissolves the National Assembly and triggers an early general election.
在厄瓜多尔的政治危机中，总统吉列尔莫·拉索（如图）解散了国民议会，并提前举行大选。


National Assembly[ˈnæʃnəl əˈsembli]国民议会;   国会;   

dissolve    US: [dɪˈzɑlv] 
vi.溶；禁不住(笑起来或哭起来等)
vt.使(固体)溶解；解除(婚姻关系)；终止(商业协议)；解散(议会)

crisis

    US: [ˈkraɪsɪs] 

UK: ['kraɪsɪs]
n.危机；危急关头；危难时刻；病危期
Web转折点；

elensky dominates summit as G7 leaders call out China
由
翻译自 英语
泽伦斯基主导峰会 七国集团领导人呼吁中国


Greece    美: [ɡriːs] n.【国】希腊
Greece recovers hundreds of stolen artefacts
由
翻译自 英语
希腊追回数百件被盗文物

"We are not looking to decouple, we are looking to de-risk and diversify"

US President Joe Biden stresses importance of not being dependent on Chinese supply chains ⬇️
由
翻译自 英语
“我们不寻求脱钩，我们寻求去风险和多元化”

美国总统拜登强调不依赖中国供应链的重要性

decouple

    美: [diˈkʌp(ə)l] 

英: [diːˈkʌp(ə)l]

    v.（使两事物）分离
    网络去耦；解耦；退耦


Chinese fighter jet buzzed US military plane, says Pentagon
由
翻译自 英语
五角大楼说，中国战机在美国军机上嗡嗡作响

Three Israeli soldiers killed and others wounded by a gunman near the border with Egypt, the army says
由
翻译自 英语
军方称，三名以色列士兵在与埃及边境附近被一名枪手打死，其他人受伤

thwart    美: [θwɔrt] v.反对；阻挠；挫败(对方意图等)；穿过
adj.横着的；不利的adv.横跨

Russia says it thwarted major Ukrainian offensive
由
翻译自 英语
俄罗斯称它挫败了乌克兰的主要攻势


ultra    美: ['ʌltrə] 
    adj.极端的
    n.（尤指政治上的）过激分子
    网络超；超级；超过
    
    Could ultra-processed foods be harmful for us?
由
翻译自 英语
超加工食品对我们有害吗？

BLOWING THE WHISTLE: “I need to make sure Black folks always have a place at Auburn,” said Charles Barkley. https://trib.al/GBE0AlB
由
翻译自 英语
吹哨：“我需要确保黑人在奥本总是有一席之地，”查尔斯·巴克利说。 https://trib.al/GBE0AlB


Why we’re all pulled in by Titanic’s ‘toxic’ allure
由
翻译自 英语
为什么我们都被泰坦尼克号的“有毒”诱惑所吸引


Russia still investigating Wagner boss Prigozhin for treason
俄罗斯仍在调查瓦格纳老板普里戈津的叛国罪



President Biden has made clear to his closest aides that he will not only reject any political advice that he try to limit his son Hunter’s public visibility but that he also doesn’t want to hear such suggestions, people familiar with the discussions say.
由
翻译自 英语
知情人士称，拜登总统已向他最亲密的助手明确表示，他不仅会拒绝任何试图限制儿子亨特公众知名度的政治建议，而且他也不想听到此类建议

Footage from riots in Marseille, France.
法国马赛骚乱的录像。

Apology after Philippines tourism video uses foreign footage

菲律宾旅游视频使用外国镜头后道歉

READY TO RUMBLE: @ShannonBream
 reacts after former President Trump issues stern warning to Democrats after indictment.

准备好轰动： @ShannonBream
在前总统特朗普在起诉后向民主党人发出严厉警告后做出反应。

Tensions on France's streets ease, arrests on Sunday night down

法国街头紧张局势有所缓解，周日晚间逮捕人数减少

Adele speaks out against audiences throwing objects on stage

阿黛尔公开反对观众向舞台投掷物品


What did you do today? I got to teach the First Lady of the United States how to Solder.

今天你做了什么？我要教美国第一夫人如何焊接。

solder美[ˈsɑːdər] [发音]
n. 焊料；接合物
v. 焊接；使联接在一起


New Zealand gunman stormed construction site, killing multiple people, injuring others: police
新西兰枪手袭击建筑工地，造成多人死亡，多人受伤: 警察

housands evacuated from homes and hotels on Greek island of Rhodes as wildfires spread https://bbc.in/44R0vSt

随着野火蔓延，希腊罗德岛数千人从房屋和酒店撤离



urge
美 [ɜrdʒ] [发音]
英 [ɜː(r)dʒ] [发音]
v.敦促；催促；力劝；鞭策
n.冲动；强
Professors urge Biden to defy 'mistaken' rulings by 'MAGA' Supreme Court justices
教授们敦促拜登无视“MAGA”最高法院法官的“错误”裁决

China property stocks tumble on renewed debt fears

中国房地产股因债务担忧再度重挫而暴跌

DeSantis camp releases supercut of liberal talking point that GOP governor is ‘far more dangerous' than Trump
德桑蒂斯阵营发布了自由派谈话要点的超级剪辑，称共和党州长比特朗普“危险得多”

Dozens of people were injured after a patio collapsed during an event at a southern Montana country club, authorities said
当局称，蒙大拿州南部乡村俱乐部的一次活动中，庭院倒塌，造成数十人受伤


Ecuadorean mayor shot dead in port city
厄瓜多尔市长在港口城市被枪杀

capture
美 [ˈkæptʃər] v.捕获；拍摄；夺取；攻夺
n.捕获；俘虏

A police drone captured a suspected arsonist on Monday in the Calabria region in southern Italy, amid widespread wildfires in the country's biggest islands, Sicily and Sardinia. https://cbsn.ws/3Qix6fg
由
翻译自 英语
周一，一架警用无人机在意大利南部卡拉布里亚地区抓获了一名纵火嫌疑人，当时该国最大的岛屿西西里岛和撒丁岛正发生大面积野火。 https://cbsn.ws/3Qix6fg


Google alert failed to warn people of Turkey earthquake, BBC investigation finds
由
翻译自 英语
BBC 调查发现，谷歌警报未能就土耳其地震向人们发出警告

Italy joining China's Belt and Road Initiative was atrocious move, defence minister says
由
翻译自 英语
意大利国防部长称意大利加入中国“一带一路”倡议是残暴之举


Former US President Donald Trump has been charged with:

▪Conspiracy to defraud the United States
▪Conspiracy to obstruct an official proceeding
▪Obstruction of and attempt to obstruct an official proceeding
▪Conspiracy against rights

Follow the latest ⬇️
由
翻译自 英语
美国前总统唐纳德·特朗普被指控：

▪阴谋诈骗美国
▪串谋阻碍正式程序
▪阻碍或试图阻碍正式程序
▪阴谋侵害权利


Mexico edges closer to electing first woman president
由
翻译自 英语
墨西哥距离选举第一位女总统又近了一步



More than 4,000 UK Scouts hit by heatwave at World Jamboree camp in South Korea to be moved into hotels
由
翻译自 英语
4000多名英国童子军在韩国世界大露营营地遭遇热浪，将被转移到酒店


Ecuadorian presidential election candidate Fernando Villavicencio assassinated at campaign rally
厄瓜多尔总统选举候选人费尔南多 · 维拉维森西奥在竞选集会上被暗杀

Head of Japan's biggest boyband agency, Johnny and Associates, resigns, admitting her late uncle Johnny Kitagawa abused aspiring young stars over decades
由
翻译自 英语
日本最大男子组合经纪公司 Johnny and Associates 的负责人辞职，承认已故叔叔约翰尼·喜多川 (Johnny Kitakawa) 数十年来虐待有抱负的年轻明星


其实只要这个国家的人价值观就是钱,结婚就得房子,那很多普通人一结婚了就得成为狗 ,所以这个国家的政治是不可能民主的,不民主,那就不可能出现一个为人民的 GOV ,所以你说劳动法没用,老板吊 当然啦,这个GOV本来就不是为了你的, 你也是一个帮凶 



以下是从零开始练习口语的一些技巧：

    每天花一些时间练习口语。即使每天只花几分钟，也比不练习要好。
    找一个你感到舒服的环境来练习。你可以在家里、图书馆或语言学校练习。
    从简单的句子和短语开始练习。随着你进步，你可以逐渐开始练习更复杂的句子和短语。
    不要害怕犯错误。每个人都犯错误，这是一个学习的过程。
    多听英语。这将帮助你熟悉英语语音和节奏。
    找一个英语母语者练习。这可以帮助你纠正你的发音和语法错误。
    不要放弃。练习口语需要时间和精力，但最终会有所收获。

以下是一些额外的提示：

    录下自己练习的声音，并听听自己的发音。这将帮助你发现需要改进的地方。
    跟着英语歌曲或电影唱歌或朗诵。这将帮助你提高你的发音和流利度。
    在网上或语言学校找到一个语言伙伴。语言伙伴可以帮助你练习口语，并纠正你的错误。
    参加英语俱乐部或活动。这是一个很好的机会与其他英语学习者练习口语。

坚持练习，你一定会提高自己的英语口语能力。